Some TLC (#19)
NextCapital/recurring-charges: README.md

# Recurring Charges Exercise

## Summary
This application parses a list of charges on a credit card statement and returns which charges are recurring.

## Requirements
### Get Recurring Charges
* Return the number of charges for each merchant
  * Filter out one-time charges
* Return the charge amount of the recurring charge for each merchant

#### Inputs
An array of charges with the following attributes:
* `name` - A string that shows who the charge is coming from
* `date` - The date on which the charge occurred
* `amount` - The amount of money that the charge is for

> * `user` - Who made the purchase

Reviewer: Added just for the sake of having more data?

* `user` - Who made the purchase

*Example Format:*

```javascript
[{
  name: 'Spotify',
  date: '2019/01/01',
  amount: 7.99,
  user: 'John Smith'
}, {
  name: 'Netflix',
  date: '2019/01/01',
  amount: 9.99,
  user: 'John Smith'
}, {
  name: 'Spotify',
  date: '2019/02/01',
  amount: 7.99,
  user: 'John Smith'
}, {
  name: 'Netflix',
  date: '2019/02/01',
  amount: 9.99,
  user: 'John Smith'
}, {
  name: 'Lou Malnati\'s',
  date: '2019/02/07',
  amount: 120.00,
  user: 'Tom Smith'
}, {
  name: 'Spotify',
  date: '2020/01/01',
  amount: 7.99,
  user: 'John Smith'
}, {
  name: 'Netflix',
  date: '2020/01/01',
  amount: 17.99,
  user: 'John Smith'
}, {
  name: 'HBO Max',
  date: '2020/01/01',
  amount: 7.99,
  user: 'Tom Smith'
}, {
  name: 'The New York Times Company',
  date: '2020/01/01',
  amount: 5.00,
  user: 'John Smith'
}, {
  name: 'Spotify',
  date: '2020/01/01',
  amount: 7.99,
  user: 'John Smith'
}, {
  name: 'Netflix',
  date: '2020/01/01',
  amount: 17.99,
  user: 'John Smith'
}, {
  name: 'HBO Max',
  date: '2020/01/01',
  amount: 7.99,
  user: 'Tom Smith'
}, {
  name: 'The New York Times Company',
  date: '2020/01/01',
  amount: 5.00,
  user: 'John Smith'
}]
```

> #### Outputs

Reviewer 2: In most interviews, it can throw people that this Output conflicts with the above description of the requirements.

Not sure whether that's desirable, or how to address it. Maybe changing the name here to "Current Outputs" would be helpful?

An object containing:

> * Key - The name of the company
> * Value - The number of times a charge from the company showed up on the statement

Reviewer 2: NP
```suggestion
* Key - The name of the charge source
* Value - The number of times a charge from a particular source showed up on the statement
```

Very minor, but _technically_ HBO Max is an HBO product, not a company unto itself 🤓

*Example Format:*
```javascript
{
  'Spotify': 4,
  'Netflix': 4,
  'HBO Max': 2,
  'The New York Times Company': 2
}
```

## JavaScript

[![Node Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/node-%3E%3D%2012.13.1-brightgreen)](https://nodejs.org/)

### Dependencies

* [NodeJS >= 12.13.1](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
* [npm >=6.13.0](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)

### Setup

1. `cd javascript && npm install`

### Tests

Run `npm test` to run the test suite

## Java

### Dependencies

* Java 8
* [gradle](https://gradle.org/install/)

### Installation

* `cd java && gradle build`

### Tests

Run `gradle test` to run the test suite

## Python

### Dependencies

* Python 3
* [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/)

### Installation

* `pip install pipenv` (if you don't have pipenv)
* `cd python && pipenv install`

### Tests

Run `pipenv run python test.py` to run the test suite

## Ruby

### Installation

* `gem install bundler` (if you don't have bundler)
* `cd ruby && bundle install`

### Tests

> Run `rspec` to run the test suite

Reviewer 2: 💯  Love having this in the root README
